_pages/about.md, before:

---
layout: single
author_profile: true
permalink: /about/
---

## About & Projects

Hi! Glad you popped up here.

I am a physicist by studies and work in/with data science (since the glorious times it was uncool, the pre-2010s era). I love science, you can read some of my thinking in this [old post]({{ site.url }}{% link _posts/2014-10-21-crossing-the-barriers.md %}). I also love quantified information and this blog has got some stuff about data and data science, both technical things and meta-things. I do hand-drawn data vizs as well (see below).

I'm Italian and also a great fan of linguistics and languages, some of my research when in academia was indeed about the evolution of natural languages. I make large use of a thesaurus when writing. There will be stuff about language here.

Apart from data, coding and language things, there's also posts over various random topics - places I've been to, leadership ideas, opinions, anything else coming to mind.

All images/photos are mine unless otherwise specified, and credited. In some cases, I've used free-to-reuse imagery.

### Some of my projects

* <a href="https://martinapugliese.gitbook.io/tales-of-science-and-data/" target="_blank">**Tales of Science & Data**</a> - this is a collection of notes on topics of data science I wrote, and keep editing
* **Doodling Data Cards** (aka **DoodleDatCard**), <a href="https://twitter.com/DoodleDatCard" target="_blank">Twitter</a>, <a href="https://www.instagram.com/doodledatcard/" target="_blank">Instagram</a> - my hand-drawn data stories, on cards

Commit message:

page(about): added link to ante for avatar

_pages/about.md, after:

---
layout: single
author_profile: true
permalink: /about/
---

## About & Projects

Hi! Glad you popped up here.

I am a physicist by studies and work in/with data science (since the glorious times it was uncool, the pre-2010s era). I love science, you can read some of my thinking in this [old post]({{ site.url }}{% link _posts/2014-10-21-crossing-the-barriers.md %}). I also love quantified information and this blog has got some stuff about data and data science, both technical things and meta-things. I do hand-drawn data vizs as well (see below).

I'm Italian and also a great fan of linguistics and languages, some of my research when in academia was indeed about the evolution of natural languages. I make large use of a thesaurus when writing. There will be stuff about language here.

Apart from data, coding and language things, there's also posts over various random topics - places I've been to, leadership ideas, opinions, anything else coming to mind.

All images/photos are mine unless otherwise specified, and credited. In some cases, I've used free-to-reuse imagery. My little avatar here on the side was made by my illustrator friend [ladyofshalott89](https://www.instagram.com/ladyofshalott89/).

### Some of my projects

* <a href="https://martinapugliese.gitbook.io/tales-of-science-and-data/" target="_blank">**Tales of Science & Data**</a> - this is a collection of notes on topics of data science I wrote, and keep editing
* **Doodling Data Cards** (aka **DoodleDatCard**), <a href="https://twitter.com/DoodleDatCard" target="_blank">Twitter</a>, <a href="https://www.instagram.com/doodledatcard/" target="_blank">Instagram</a> - my hand-drawn data stories, on cards
